You're not taking my son
Xu Xin Xu Xin
Just call you just call your cousin
We are family no matter what
Hey, we're all our own business
Shanshan, I don't want you to lose money, I don't want you to lose money.
aunt
When you humiliated me in front of so many people
Have you ever considered that we are a family?
You are a dead girl, you deserve it
You deserve your parents
If you want to jump off a building to your death, he doesn't want you?
They deliberately left you with a lot of debt
Just want to drag you to death
You deserve your voice
Your parents are your greatest enemies
Oh, dear.
How dare you hit me?
You can say me
But you can't mention my parents
Ahhh
Don't be afraid.
Leave the rest to me
roll
This kind of man
Stay here for the rest of your life
Don't go out
Call me Boss Jenny, no, no
And you.
I can't even touch half of his finger
How dare you treat me like this